http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_(novel) 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/France 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Orwell 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebedyan 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Bradbury 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Empire 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russians 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satire 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godalming 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiddu_Krishnamurti 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Zamyatin 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Berlin 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Connolly 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Heard 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton,_Guildford 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Prabhavananda 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Traherne 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Kass 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_of_Perception 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Isherwood 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Vonnegut 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Morrison 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Atwood 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Arnold 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Montaigne 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Robert_Malthus 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilfredo_Pareto 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blake 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Merton 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hitchens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Houellebecq 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Matthias_Alexander 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_(novel) 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Counter_Point 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Law 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huston_Smith 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldous_Huxley http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perennial_Philosophy 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/language http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publisher http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatto_&_Windus 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Smith_Haldimand_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampshire 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Abbey 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Perugini 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_House 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens,_Jr. 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fielding_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickwick_Papers 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Annie_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Landor_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poets'_Corner 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landport 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_D'Orsay_Tennyson_Dickens 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higham,_Kent 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/literaryGenre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morality_play 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/literaryGenre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parable 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illustrator http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leech_(caricaturist) 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publisher http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_&_Hall 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_D'Orsay_Tennyson_Dickens http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/London 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capital http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_Fern%C3%A1ndez_de_Kirchner 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialLanguage http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currency http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentine_peso 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Lorenzetti 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/party http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justicialist_Party 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/successor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hern%C3%A1n_Lorenzino 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/party http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_for_Victory 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/successor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Bossio 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/almaMater http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_University_of_Mar_del_Plata 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/almaMater http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_CEMA 
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amado_Boudou http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentine_people 
